It's exercise time again.
We learned about conditionals and loops or lists with v-for,
now it's time to practice that to
yeah,
really get into using that
and feel 100% safe about doing so.
The first exercise is set up here,
wants you to hook up this button you see here to toggle the display of the two paragraphs and do this both
by using v-if and v-show to understand the difference.
Side note, if you plan on using v-else, v-else is not available on v-show,
you can't use it on that,
it only works with v-if.
Well that is the first exercise,
the second one is about creating a list, output an unordered list of array elements of your choice,
so basically create a new array and loop through it and create the list of that array
here in the html code, also print the index of each element. In the third exercise,
I want you to loop through this object here, you see here and I want you to print all the key value pairs
as well as the index of each key value pair. In the fourth exercise,
I also want you to print an object, this one here but I only want you to print the values. Important, create
a nested loop for this data array
and as we not only have nested arrays, you also might need to figure out a way to determine whether the current
value of the outer loop is an array for which you can create a nested loop or not.
So these are the four exercises,
have fun with them.
I see you in the solution video.